- [Instructor] So, in an earlier exercise,
we showed how to update our controllers
to make sure that error handling could happen.
So, I promised I would revisit
what has to happen on the client side
so let's get to that now.
We're gonna walk through the JavaScript code that's required
to handle errors and show them to the GUI
and we're also gonna have to force a server-side error
just so we can mimic what would happen when an error happen
and you can see that in action on the GUI
so let's get started.
First, in my source main resources,
I'm gonna open up my app.js file
and I'm going to maximize it
so we can see more of what's going on in the editor.
So, in the interest of time,
I've already started the code that's required
to get error messages off of a topic.
It's just like all of the other code we've written,
except we now have to subscribe to an additional cue,
one that we've setup that's called topic/errors.
And I've already written a showErrors method
so let's scroll down and just take a look
to see what's going on there.
Much like our other show functions,
it's pretty much manipulating the HTML,
adding a table row which displays our message to the user.
So, in order to see this in action,
we're gonna have to force an error situation.
So, what I'm gonna do now is in my controller package,
open up my controller class,
maximize that a bit,
and just as a reminder,
our handleException method that we wrote earlier,
it's gonna send a ChatOutMessage
and because of the SendTo annotation,
those messages will go
to the topic/errors message destination.
The last thing we need to do is force an error
so I'm gonna go up in my method
that handles all of our chat messaging
and let's just force a null pointer exception here
by setting the message to null
and then just trying to call a getter on it.
That should be sufficient to force an error
just so we can see what this looks like on the GUI
so let's go ahead and run this real quick.
And once again,
I'm gonna bring up my two browser windows
to mimic two people chatting.
In one window, I'll join as Shonna.
In the other window, I'll join as Susan.
And I'm gonna try to message
and this should cause an error
once I send
and there you go,
on both clients.
For both Shonna and Susan's browser windows,
you see that our error message showed up,
An error happened.
I'm sure you'll take this and mature this
to do something more interesting.
So, that was a pretty simple example
of how error handling could happen,
but enough for you to get the point.
In any chat application,
you will have to anticipate errors
and now you have an example of how to handle them.